c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\MvvmLight1.dll
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\MvvmLight1.pdb
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\MvvmLight1_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP8.dll
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP8.dll
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP8.pdb
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP8.xml
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP8.pdb
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP8.xml
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\obj\Debug\MvvmLight1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\obj\Debug\MvvmLight1.g.resources
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\obj\Debug\MvvmLight1.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\obj\Debug\MvvmLight1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\obj\Debug\MvvmLight1.dll
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\obj\Debug\MvvmLight1.pdb
c:\users\prabakarthi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmLight1\MvvmLight1\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
